### Variables

Subject: ID number of subject, from 1 to 30.

Activity: Type of activity, walking, walking downstairs, walking
upstairs, sitting, standing and laying.

tBodyAcc.mean…X: Mean of time-domain body acceleration in X-direction.

tBodyAcc.mean…Y: Mean of time-domain body acceleration in Y-direction.

tBodyAcc.mean…Z: Mean of time-domain body acceleration in Z-direction.

tBodyAcc.std…X: Standard deviation of time-domain body acceleration in
X-direction.

tBodyAcc.std…Y: Standard deviation of time-domain body acceleration in
Y-direction.

tBodyAcc.std…Z: Standard deviation of time-domain body acceleration in
Z-direction.

tGravityAcc.mean…X: Mean of time-domain gravity acceleration in
X-direction.

tGravityAcc.mean…Y: Mean of time-domain gravity acceleration in
Y-direction.

tGravityAcc.mean…Z: Mean of time-domain gravity acceleration in
Z-direction.

tGravityAcc.std…X: Standard deviation of time-domain gravity
acceleration in X-direction.

tGravityAcc.std…Y: Standard deviation of time-domain gravity
acceleration in Y-direction.

tGravityAcc.std…Z: Standard deviation of time-domain gravity
acceleration in Z-direction.

tBodyAccJerk.mean…X: Mean of time-domain body acceleration jerk in
X-direction.

tBodyAccJerk.mean…Y: Mean of time-domain body acceleration jerk in
Y-direction.

tBodyAccJerk.mean…Z: Mean of time-domain body acceleration jerk in
Z-direction.

tBodyAccJerk.std…X: Standard deviation of time-domain body acceleration
jerk in X-direction.

tBodyAccJerk.std…Y: Standard deviation of time-domain body acceleration
jerk in Y-direction.

tBodyAccJerk.std…Z: Standard deviation of time-domain body acceleration
jerk in Z-direction.

tBodyGyro.mean…X: Mean of time-domain body angular velocity in
X-direction.

tBodyGyro.mean…Y: Mean of time-domain body angular velocity in
Y-direction.

tBodyGyro.mean…Z: Mean of time-domain body angular velocity in
Z-direction.

tBodyGyro.std…X: Standard deviation of time-domain body angular velocity
in X-direction.

tBodyGyro.std…Y: Standard deviation of time-domain body angular velocity
in Y-direction.

tBodyGyro.std…Z: Standard deviation of time-domain body angular velocity
in Z-direction.

tBodyGyroJerk.mean…X: Mean of time-domain body angular velocity jerk in
X-direction.

tBodyGyroJerk.mean…Y: Mean of time-domain body angular velocity jerk in
Y-direction.

tBodyGyroJerk.mean…Z: Mean of time-domain body angular velocity jerk in
Z-direction.

tBodyGyroJerk.std…X: Standard deviation of time-domain body angular
velocity jerk in X-direction.

tBodyGyroJerk.std…Y: Standard deviation of time-domain body angular
velocity jerk in Y-direction.

tBodyGyroJerk.std…Z: Standard deviation of time-domain body angular
velocity jerk in Z-direction.

tBodyAccMag.mean..: Mean of magnitude of body acceleration in X, Y and Z
directions.

tBodyAccMag.std..: Standard deviation of magnitude of body acceleration
in X, Y and Z directions.

tGravityAccMag.mean..: Mean of magnitude of gravity acceleration in X, Y
and Z directions.

tGravityAccMag.std..: Standard deviation of magnitude of gravity
acceleration in X, Y and Z directions.

tBodyAccJerkMag.mean..: Mean of magnitude of body acceleration jerk in
X, Y and Z directions.

tBodyAccJerkMag.std..: Standard deviation of magnitude of body
acceleration jerk in X, Y and Z directions.

tBodyGyroMag.mean..: Mean of magnitude of body angular velocity in X, Y
and Z directions.

tBodyGyroMag.std..: Standard deviation of magnitude of body angular
velocity in X, Y and Z directions.

tBodyGyroJerkMag.mean..: Mean of magnitude of body angular velocity jerk
in X, Y and Z directions.

tBodyGyroJerkMag.std..: Standard deviation of magnitude of body angular
velocity jerk in X, Y and Z directions.

fBodyAcc.mean…X: Mean of frequency-domain body acceleration in
X-direction.

fBodyAcc.mean…Y: Mean of frequency-domain body acceleration in
Y-direction.

fBodyAcc.mean…Z: Mean of frequency-domain body acceleration in
Z-direction.

fBodyAcc.std…X: Standard deviation of frequency-domain body acceleration
in X-direction.

fBodyAcc.std…Y: Standard deviation of frequency-domain body acceleration
in Y-direction.

fBodyAcc.std…Z: Standard deviation of frequency-domain body acceleration
in Z-direction.

fBodyAccJerk.mean…X: Mean of frequency-domain body acceleration jerk in
X-direction.

fBodyAccJerk.mean…Y: Mean of frequency-domain body acceleration jerk in
Y-direction.

fBodyAccJerk.mean…Z: Mean of frequency-domain body acceleration jerk in
Z-direction.

fBodyAccJerk.std…X: Standard deviation of frequency-domain body
acceleration jerk in X-direction.

fBodyAccJerk.std…Y: Standard deviation of frequency-domain body
acceleration jerk in Y-direction.

fBodyAccJerk.std…Z: Standard deviation of frequency-domain body
acceleration jerk in Z-direction.

fBodyGyro.mean…X: Mean of frequency-domain body angular velocity in
X-direction.

fBodyGyro.mean…Y: Mean of frequency-domain body angular velocity in
Y-direction.

fBodyGyro.mean…Z: Mean of frequency-domain body angular velocity in
Z-direction.

fBodyGyro.std…X: Standard deviation of frequency-domain body angular
velocity in X-direction.

fBodyGyro.std…Y: Standard deviation of frequency-domain body angular
velocity in Y-direction.

fBodyGyro.std…Z: Standard deviation of frequency-domain body angular
velocity in Z-direction.

fBodyAccMag.mean..: Mean of magnitude of frequency-domain body
acceleration in X, Y and Z directions.

fBodyAccMag.std..: Standard deviation of magnitude of frequency-domain
body acceleration in X, Y and Z directions.

fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.mean..: Mean of magnitude of frequency-domain body
acceleration jerk in X, Y and Z directions.

fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.std..: Standard deviation of magnitude of
frequency-domain body acceleration jerk in X, Y and Z directions.

fBodyBodyGyroMag.mean..: Mean of magnitude of frequency-domain body
angular velocity in X, Y and Z directions.

fBodyBodyGyroMag.std..: Standard deviation of magnitude of
frequency-domain body angular velocity in X, Y and Z directions.

fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.mean..: Mean of magnitude of frequency-domain body
angular velocity jerk in X, Y and Z directions.

fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.std..: Standard deviation of magnitude of
frequency-domain body angular velocity jerk in X, Y and Z directions.
